### Youtube ###
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww "~[Youtube] The 8-bit Guy" Retro Gaming Relaxing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLx053rWZxCiYWsBETgdKrQ "~[Youtube] LGR" Retro Gaming Relaxing DOS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw_Sxdt27ASqErScT4Rlj8A "~[Youtube] LGR Blerbs" Retro Gaming Relaxing DOS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNUzWfHUP_iXZ1GMHz8gBgw "~[Youtube] Ryukhar" Gaming Mario SMW "Lets Play"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3g50Yr3GFPYrBj-n55BdqA "~[Youtube] GrandPooBear" Gaming Mario SMW "Lets Play"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClZbO3wehSIsPUKLx_X5caw "~[Youtube] CarlSagan42" Gaming Mario SMW "Lets Play"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ8V9aiz50m6NVn0ix5v8RQ "~[Youtube] Decino" Doom Gaming "Lets Play"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrYr2EMXw976tEpLxHhr1Rg "~[Youtube] MtPain27 (Dean of Doom)" Doom Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PL2B009153AC977F90 "~[Youtube] Cinemassacre - AVGN" Gaming Retro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLbQ-gSLYQEc7Ie64tC64qIYYPCVL6Ftn9 "~[Youtube] Cinemassacre - Movie Reviews" Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD0b5d9sqNQTjrXfg5ik3eQ "~[Youtube] paranoid.life" Linux BSD Minimalism
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "~[Youtube] Luke Smith" Linux Minimalism
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-3J5xNrAbTLbU1gN8mMpOA "~[Youtube] NitroRad" Gaming "Video Essays"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ6KZTTnkE-s2XFJJmoTAkw "~[Youtube] Accursed Farms" Gaming Retro "Lets Play" "Video Essays"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5Xeb9-FhZXgvw340n7PsCQ "~[Youtube] SSFF" Gaming Retro "Video Essays"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCshObcm-nLhbu8MY50EZ5Ng "~[Youtube] Benn Jordan" Music Science
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC21uZkfXpT8rPY-gPgMiCwA "~[Youtube] Civie11" Retro Gaming DOS 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg "~[Youtube] Wolfgang's Channel" Linux Minimalism
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM0V8r4kuIWIl6Sy-NHj2lg "~[Youtube] Quinton Reviews" "Video Essays"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRbOPaGDB_xOQkVM8Rnn62Q "~[Youtube] I Hate Everything" "Video Essays" Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w "~[Youtube] Modern Vintage Gamer" "Video Essays" Gaming Retro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7j2nATL5qX-CfzdFvNfPtA "~[Youtube] Juzcook" "Lets Play" Gaming Mario SMW
